So just tell us your name, start with.
It's Karl Allen.
And you just bought in that Savor Swans t-shirt, how did you get a hold of that then?
That was one I used to wear when I was a kid.
I don't know why I haven't actually thrown it out, I've kept it for so many years.
Yeah we realised it wouldn't fit you now.
Exactly, I think it was about 10 or 11 when I had that one.
Yeah, and what date was the, when was it actually made, when was that whole campaign?
I think it was in 1985, I don't really remember too much, I think I said 10 or 11 at that time,
I don't really remember too much about it, but it was certainly in the early dark days.
And that was after the two years of glory?
Yeah exactly, the highs and then the massive low and the fall.
The fall and the drop when they went.
Yes, so my first games I don't really remember, the first division games too much, too clearly.
I think my first real memory of a football game that I can remember being actually in the North Bank
was the Paris Saint-Germain game, the cup winners cup.
Oh yeah, I think I won that actually.
I remember being at that game, I know that was my first game, I remember being to games before that,
but that was the first vivid memory I have.
It seemed quite exotic, it seemed like swans are in Europe.
Yeah exactly, certainly not anymore.
Well exactly, it's not to be the Welsh Cup anymore, but there's another way.
But the whole Save Our Swans campaign, were you aware of that at the time as a kid?
Not really at that age, it wasn't something that I really understood, I knew that the club was in trouble
and I obviously remember my fans trying to chip in and help out as much as we possibly could,
but at that age it was just a case of just trying to do my bit and wearing t-shirts
as much as I possibly could to try and show my support.
So you were the mascot, one of the many no doubt.
Because at that time we were talking about this earlier that some grown men didn't wear the
replica shirts or anything, they were very much just only in children's sizes when they first made
those replica t-shirts. That's good stuff and it worked.
It did thankfully, the problem is we've been close a couple of times since then as well.
Hopefully that's never going to go there again.
All right then, well that's great, let us know, we've taken a picture of that so we know where it came from.
I found it again a few weeks back and I thought I knew where it was and dug it out of the closet
and it's not in bad condition given that it's 30 odd years old.
I can't imagine there's too many of them left around at Mord.
No, funnily enough, yeah well just simply because of its age and because it was a kids thing.
Yeah exactly.
People will have, even if it's still Swami's fans, they'll be like, oh I know, I'm a level.
You probably do.
But the good thing is I think...